---
startYear: 2021
endYear: 2025
rank: 1
name: 'Sharon A. Suh'
position: 'President'
imageLink: /logo.svg
redirectLink: /assets/About Us/Exec Committees/2021 - 2025/Bio Sharon A, Suh.pdf
openInSameTab: false
---
Sharon A. Suh is a professor of Buddhism in the Department of Theology and Religious Studies
at Seattle University. She received her Ph.D. in Buddhist Studies from Harvard University and is
author of several articles and book chapters on Buddhism, gender, and race. She has published
three books: Being Buddhist in a Christian World: Gender and Community (University of
Washington Press, 2004); Silver Screen Buddha: Buddhism in Asian and Western Film
(Bloomsbury Press, 2015); and Occupy This Body: A Buddhist Memoir (Sumeru Press, 2019).
She was the keynote speaker at the 9th Sakyadhita International Conference on Buddhist Women
in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

Dr. Suh’s academic work explores the intersections of Buddhism, gender, race, and film. She is
particularly interested in exploring trauma from the perspectives of Buddhism and neuroscience,
and focuses particularly on the experiences of women of color. She emphasizes the importance of
trauma-informed embodiment practices such as meditation and yoga that can increase the
capacity for resilience. She serves on the board of directors of The Center for Mindful Eating and
most recently served on the board of directors of Yoga Behind Bars. She is a certified Mindful
Eating-Conscious Living teacher through the UCSD Center for Mindfulness. She received her
200-hour Registered Yoga Teacher training and trained extensively in trauma-informed yoga
with Yoga Behind Bars and Y4T (Yoga for Trauma). She currently resides in Seattle,
Washington.
