---
title: 'Contemporary Buddhist Women'
confNum: 15
location: 'Hong Kong'
slideShowImages:
  - /assets/Conference 15/SICon17-CoverPhotos1.png
  - /assets/Conference 15/SICon17-CoverPhotos2.png
  - /assets/Conference 15/SICon17-CoverPhotos3.png
  - /assets/Conference 15/SICon17-CoverPhotos4.png
  - /assets/Conference 15/SICon17-CoverPhotos5.png
  - /assets/Conference 15/SICon17-CoverPhotos6.png
  - /assets/Conference 15/SICon17-CoverPhotos7.png
  - /assets/Conference 15/SICon17-CoverPhotos8.png
  - /assets/Conference 15/SICon17-CoverPhotos9.png
programs:
  - description: 'English Call for papers'
    url: /assets/Conference 15/15-SIConferenceCFP-English.pdf
  - description: 'Chinese Call for papers'
    url: /assets/Conference 15/15-SIConferenceCFP-Chinese.pdf
  - description: 'Simplified Chinese Call for papers'
    url: /assets/Conference 15/15-SIConferenceCFP-SmpCh.pdf
presentations:
  - description: 'Panel List'
    url: /assets/Conference 15/15-SIConferencePanelPresentations_10112016.pdf
  - description: 'Workshop List'
    url: /assets/Conference 15/15-WorkshopAbstractsList_SI2017Conference_03192017.pdf
abstracts:
  - description: 'Panel Abstracts'
    url: /assets/Conference 15/15-Abstracts_SI2017Conference_03192017.pdf
  - description: 'Workshop Abstracts'
    url: /assets/Conference 15/15-WorkshopAbstracts_SI2017Conference_03192017.pdf
brochures:
  - description: 'Poster'
    url: /assets/Conference 15/15-SIConferencePoster-2017.jpg
  - description: 'English Brochure'
    url: /assets/Conference 15/15-ENGLISH-SIConferenceBrochure_12042016.pdf
  - description: '简化字 Simplified Chinese Brochure'
    url: /assets/Conference 15/15-SimpChinese-SIConferenceBrochure_12222016.pdf
  - description: '正體字Traditional Chinese Brochure'
    url: /assets/Conference 15/15-TradChinese-SIConferenceBrochure_12222016.pdf
video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa7Jt8uVyGw
---

The 15th Sakyadhita Conference in Hong Kong was a resounding success, with over 800 participants from 31 countries. The theme &ldquo;Contemporary Buddhist Women: Contemplation, Cultural Exchange &amp; Social Action&rdquo; led to lively conversations. A week of workshops and meditation at The University of Hong Kong, from June 22 to 28, was followed by a two-day tour to Lantau Island and other cultural attractions. Olivier Adam kindly shares glimpses of this joyful, meaningful gathering of Buddhist women leaders and their allies.

The conference theme, &ldquo;Contemporary Buddhist Women: Contemplation, Cultural Exchange &amp; Social Action,&rdquo; highlights the diversity of contemporary Buddhist women throughout the world.

Buddhism is a significant cultural force in our world, influencing virtually every sphere of human activity from business to popular music. This global spread of Buddhist ethics, iconography, meditation, and philosophy is having an impact on science, psychology, government, and the arts. Today, women have more pathways to self-enrichment than at any time in recorded history. Whether the choice is a career, family, or monastery, women are expanding beyond traditional roles in creative and beneficial ways. Women also take different paths and approaches to spirituality. Depending on their cultural backgrounds and personal interests, they may be inclined to meditation, scholarship, social activism, or the arts. The 2017 conference theme is broad enough to encompass the many aspects of what Buddhism means to women and to embrace the range of Buddhist women&apos;s experiences.

* **&quot;Contemplation&quot;** includes personal introspection, mindfulness practice, meditation, and reflection on contemporary life issues.
* **&quot;Cultural exchange&quot;** incorporates interreligious dialogue, indigenous Buddhist experience, inter-generational dialogue, and Buddhist transcultural exchange, expressed through music, literature, drama, painting, social media, and the martial arts.
* **&quot;Social action&quot;** takes many forms, including charitable activities, social entrepreneurship, community leadership, and other ways of transforming society. The 15th Sakyadhita Conference will be a forum for making connections across cultures and traditions, exploring a wide range of Buddhist teachings, values, and techniques for living a meaningful life.
