---
title: 'Buddhist Women Beyond Boundaries: Interfaith, Interdependence, Environment'
confNum: 17
location: Online
slideShowImages:
  - /assets/Conference 17/2021 Sakyadhita Conference Zoom.jpg
---

We now live in a global community that is more closely connected than ever before. Humanitu faces unprecedented challenges, including environmental and health threats that affect us all. To meet these challenges, bold collaborative solutions are needed. The 17th Sakyadhita International Conference explored how Buddhist women can combine their strengths and go beyond boundaries to lead wise and compassionate responses to the urgent issues facing the world.

The global pandemic has disrupted the lives and dreams of people around the world, causing great suffering, sadness, and frustration. It has also been an opportunity to develop a deep understanding of the interrelatedness of all life. The pandemic naturally limited international travel, yet fortunately Internet technology enabled the Sakyadhita team to organize the 17th Sakyadhita International Conference online. The conference included paper presentations, workshops, and film screenings that explored how Buddhist women are working together to transcend traditional boundaries of religion, class and ethnicity, working with Buddhist principles to respond to the critical issues the world faces today. Both academic research and perspectives based on personal experience enabled participants to envision a kinder, wiser, more gentle world.
