---
title: 'Living in a Precarious World: Impermanence, Resilience, Awakening'
confNum: 18
location: Seoul, Korea
slideShowImages:
  - /assets/Conference 18/2023 Seoul_0749_SAK4148.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/Seoul_0174_SAK7378.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/01 Seoul_0836_SKK5494.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/02 Seoul_0059_SAK5350.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/03 Seoul_0163_SAK7067.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/04 Seoul_0627_SAK2887.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/05 Seoul_0171_SKK3746(1).jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/06 Seoul_0200_SAK7704.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/07 Seoul_0304_SAK9380.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/08 Seoul_0670_SAK3276.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/09 Seoul_0114_SAK6098.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/10 Seoul_0382_SAK0248.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/11 Seoul_0284_SAK8981.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/12 Seoul_0318_SAK9448.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/13 Seoul_0544_SKK4989.jpg
  - /assets/Home Page/14 Seoul_0287_SAK9052.jpg
brochures:
  - description: 'English Language 18th Sakyadhita Conference'
    url: /assets/Conference 18/2023 Brochure 18th Sakyadhita Seoul .pdf
---

The 18th Sakyadhita International Conference on Buddhist Women, hosted jointly by the Korean Bhiksuni Association and Sakyadhita Korea from June 23 to 27, 2023, featured paper presentations, workshops, exhibitions, meditation, and cultural performances. As is painfully evident, modernity can no longer protect us or guarantee everlasting happiness. The transience of our existence in this precarious world has become painfully obvious, giving us an opportunity to reflect of the unique value of human life and reminding us to remain attentive to each precious moment. In such an atmosphere, participants from more than 30 countries gathered in Seoul, South Korea, for a celebration of insight and awareness here. Women and men, lay and ordained, gathered in harmony to learn, share their wisdom, and take joy in the company of like-minded friends.

With a history of Buddhism that spans almost two millennia, Korea is home to many temples where the beauty of nature meets rich and ancient traditions. Following the conference, a delightful tour to temples in the Korean countryside provided participants with a special three-day pilgrimage to some of Korea’s most iconic and beautiful temples, such as Woljeongsa, Baekdamsa, and Naksansa. Baekdamsa Temple proved to be a very special experience. Although the temple was in the midst of an intensive three-month retreat, the monks hosted the Sakyadhita travelers for two nights, allowing them to rest and meditate, surrounded by nature, all the while fostering meaningful conversations and friendships.
